thousands of Israelis have rallied in
Tel Aviv to keep the pressure on the
government to secure the release of
hostages held by Hamas relatives of the
nearly 140 Israelis still being held in
Gaza want their release to be the main
priority of the government of Benjamin
Netanyahu DW's Aya Ibrahim or a Ibrahim
excuse me
[Music]
reports this dance is a reminder a
reminder that nearly 140 hostages are
still belied to be held in
Gaza among them is 26-year-old Noah
aramani whose terminally ill mother
recently pleaded to see her daughter one
last time also among them is baby kir
bibas taken when he was just 9 months
old each day that is passing they suffer
more and
more we are in what has become known as
hostages Square located in central Tel
Aviv it's become the place people gather
to demand the return of those taken
during the October 7th Hamas Terror
attacks many here including Shimmer
chiffer believe this is what their
government needs to do to meet that
demand to fight them hard Kamas because
that's the way they understand no other
way they they understand the way of
power and if that's the the the way to
to get our people back so that's the way
I expect my government H to
act nearby hundreds of protesters called
for that same government to be
replaced here it's not just hostages
that need to be freed but the whole
state as this sign
reads they're shouting slogans like
impeachment now and the government has
blood on its hands after 16 years in
power the people here no longer believe
that prime minister Netanyahu is the
right person to lead the country
especially in this moment Netanyahu
needs to say it is it was my
responsibility I was in charge and I'm
going to resign if it says so it can it
can it can perhaps live a few more
months until the end of the war among
the people out on the streets today
there's also mounting anger at the way
the Netanyahu government is handling the
conflict with
Hamas I think the real argument in
Israel right now is between people who
see themselves living here in peace and
are willing to make the sacrifice to get
there and the people who don't the
people who feel if you feel content
living on the sword that's how we say it
in Hebrew like if you feel content
living in
War I have nothing in common with you
and there are too many people in the
government who feel that way netan of
course at first thinks about his
interest we call to ceire because only
with in cire we can talk and make a good
deal to bring all of the oades
home all the time it's War It's
Beginning
continue it's no
deal the protesters continued their
March through the streets of Tel Aviv
until they reached hostages Square they
may have deferring opinions on Israel's
leadership but they are one in their
demand bring the hostages home among
those already here is 85-year-old yoshid
lifshitz a former hostage one of the
first to be released from Gaza a living
walking sign of Hope for the many still
waiting for their loved ones to
return